This PR implements following features and fixes:
- [Ability to link to "Global" libraries](#ability-to-link-to-%22global%22-libraries)
  - [pthread example](#pthread-example)
  - [Boost example](#boost-example)
  - [Target Linker Flags](#target-linker-flags)
- [Ability to specify Operating System specific flags/definitions](#ability-to-specify-operating-system-specific-flagsdefinitions)
- [Packages can ingest definitions](#packages-can-ingest-definitions)
- [Alias to wio devices monitor command](#alias-to-wio-devices-monitor-command)
- [Bug fixes and Enhancements](#bug-fixes-and-enhancements)
  
  ## Ability to link to "Global" libraries
  "Global" libraries are the ones that are installed globaly on your machine and have `Find<LIB_NAME>.cmake` file that describes how to build and link to that target. `wio` now supports linking to such libraries.

  ### pthread example
  ```yml
  libraries:
    Threads:
      global: true
      required: true
  ```

  ### Boost example
  ```yml
  libraries:
    Boost:
      global: true
      required: true
      version: 1.6
      required_components:
      - filesystem
      - regex
  ```

* `global` flag must be set to true if you are linking against a global library
* `version` provided is not matched exactly

### Target Linker Flags
If you would like to link to some library by using `-l<lib_name>` flag, wio supports that as well for Targets now. Targets can now have `linker_flags`. These linker flags will be added into the build process. Example:

```yml
targets:
  main:
    src: src
    platform: native
    linker_flags:
    - -pthreads
```

## Ability to specify Operating System specific flags/definitions
`wio` now adds the capability to provide operating system flags that will get resolved when build is triggered. In order to do so, a user will wrap all the flags/definitions in operating system specific tag. Tags that are allowed are: `$windows()`, `$linux()`, `$darwin()`. **Note:** Wrapper tags are case sensitive. Example:
```yml
definitions:
  - $windows(Code=1 Windows)
  - $linux(Code=2 Linux)
  - $darwin(Code=3 Mac)
```
Only operating system specific flags will be kept and other flags/definitions will be ignored

## Packages can ingest definitions
So far `wio` allows packages to request flags and then match the flags provided to complete the compile process. This adds support for packages to ingest any definition into build process of its target. Any definition provided will be appeneded. This is achieved by a new keyword called `ingest`. After the addition of `ingest` keyword, `optional` keyword is used to accept definitions if they are provided. If those definitions are not provided, they will be ignored. Example:

```yml
definitions:
  required:
    private:
    - -DGiveHello
  optional:
    public:
    - -DDebugLevel
  ingest:
    private:
    - -DBUFFER_SIZE=10
```
* In the example above, `-DDebugLevel` definition will only be added to build process if it is provided by the user of this package. This is helpful with logs.
* `BUFFER_SIZE` definition is set to 10 and is added to the build process.

## Alias to wio devices monitor command
Writing `wio devices monitor` was always too long so `wio` now provided an alias to this command and it can be called directly by `wio monitor`.

## Bug fixes and Enhancements
* `wio monitor` had issue with reading and displaying Serial data contantly without lagging. Now this is fixed and experience will be smoother.
* linker flags to `dependencies` were not being passed down to the dependency but now this is fixed
*  `wio` will now check if the package/app version it is parsing is supported by utilizing `wio_version` property from `wio.yml` file.
    *  It will error out if required wio version is greater than current wio version
    *  It will error out if wio.yml version is < 0.4.0
  