This PR implements following features and fixes:

- [Ability to link to CMake packages](#ability-to-link-to-cmake-packages)
  - [Threads example](#threads-example)
  - [Boost example](#boost-example)
  - [Target Linker Flags](#target-linker-flags)
- [Ability to specify Operating System specific data](#ability-to-specify-operating-system-specific-data)
- [Packages can ingest definitions](#packages-can-ingest-definitions)
- [Optional tag for placeholders](#optional-tag-for-placeholders)
- [Alias to wio devices monitor command](#alias-to-wio-devices-monitor-command)
- [Bug fixes and Enhancements](#bug-fixes-and-enhancements)
- [Syntax Changes](#syntax-changes)

## Ability to link to CMake packages

CMake Packages are the ones that have `Find<LIB_NAME>.cmake` file that describes how to build and link to that target. `wio` now supports linking to such libraries.

### Threads example

```yml
libraries:
  Threads:
    cmake_package: true
    required: true
```

### Boost example

```yml
libraries:
  Boost:
    cmake_package: true
    required: true
    version: 1.6
    required_components:
      - filesystem
      - regex
```

You can provide paths to tell `wio` where to look for such packages

```yml
libraries:
  Foo:
    cmake_package: true
    required: true
    lib_path:
      - /usr/foo/hello/cmake
      - /usr/foo/hello
```

- `cmake_package` flag must be set to true if you are linking against a cmake package
- `version` provided is not matched exactly

### Target Linker Flags

If you would like to link to some library by using `-l<lib_name>` flag, wio supports that as well for Targets now. Targets can now have `linker_flags`. These linker flags will be added into the build process. Example:

```yml
targets:
  main:
    src: src
    platform: native
    linker_flags:
      - -lpthread
```

## Ability to specify Operating System specific data

`wio` now adds the capability to provide operating system data that will get resolved when build is triggered.
This functionality works for flags, definitions, libraries path, libraries include path.

In order to do so, a user will wrap data into operating system specific tag. Tags that are allowed are: `$windows()`, `$linux()`, `$darwin()`. Example:

```yml
# flags/definitions
definitions:
  - $windows(Code=1 Windows)
  - $linux(Code=2 Linux)
  - $darwin(Code=3 Mac)
```

Only operating system specific data will be kept and other data will be ignored

## Packages can ingest definitions

So far `wio` allows packages to request flags and then match the flags provided to complete the compile process. This adds support for packages to ingest any definition into build process of its target. Any definition provided will be appeneded. This is achieved by a new keyword called `ingest`. After the addition of `ingest` keyword, `optional` keyword is used to accept definitions if they are provided. If those definitions are not provided, they will be ignored. Example:

```yml
definitions:
  required:
    private:
      - -DGiveHello
  optional:
    public:
      - -DDebugLevel
  ingest:
    private:
      - -DBUFFER_SIZE=10
```

- In the example above, `-DDebugLevel` definition will only be added to build process if it is provided by the user of this package. This is helpful with logs.
- `BUFFER_SIZE` definition is set to 10 and is added to the build process.

## Optional tag for placeholders
Somtimes in your package, you request some optional definitions but, you also want to pass those definitions down to your dependencies if they are provided.
This is not possible with `wio 0.6.0`. Optional definitions will be request the way they normally are but, there is a new tag for placeholder syntax. The
tag is called `optional`. You can wrap the definition in this tag to make the placeholder matching optional.

```yml
project:
  definitions:
    optional:
      private:
      - VERBOSE
      - DEBUG
    required:
      private:
      - TEMP

dependencies:
  logger:
    definitions:
    - $optional(VERBOSE)
    - $optional(DEBUG)
    - $(TEMP)
```

## Alias to wio devices monitor command

Writing `wio devices monitor` was always too long so `wio` now provided an alias to this command and it can be called directly by `wio monitor`.

## Bug fixes and Enhancements

- `wio monitor` had issue with reading and displaying Serial data contantly without lagging. Now this is fixed and experience will be smoother.
- linker flags to `dependencies` were not being passed down to the dependency but now this is fixed.
- `wio` will now check if the package/app version it is parsing is supported by utilizing `wio_version` property from `wio.yml` file.
  - It will error out if required wio version is greater than current wio version.
  - It will error out if wio.yml version is < 0.4.0.
- `all` flag added for `build`, and `clean` to build and clean all targets.
- In definition matching, matching of definitions without value is allowed. e.x: `-DDebug` will be matched if same definition is provided to the package .
- `-DDefinition` and `Definition` are treated the same in the definition matching process. It does not matter if you add `-D` or not.

## Syntax Changes

There are syntax changes that will conflict with previous versions of wio:

1. `lib_path` when specifying a library under `libraries` is not a list of paths instead of just one path.
2. `include_path` when specifying a library under `libraries` is not a list of paths instead of just one path.
