This Version implements following features and fixes:

- [Use of Variables and Fulfillment through wio.yml](#ability-to-link-to-cmake-packages)
- [More customization options for cmake_packages in Libraries](#ability-to-specify-operating-system-specific-data)
- [Smarter Build]()
- [Wio publish Features](#optional-tag-for-placeholders)

## Use of Variables and Fulfilment through wio.yml

Wio's support for variables and fulfilment is a lot improved in this version in terms of where and when they can be used.
User is allowed to use Wio defined variables throughout the `wio.yml` file. The only exception is that this can not be used
in tag names. For example:

### Valid wio.yml with variable completion
```yml
type: pkg

project:
  name: pkg-shared
  keywords:
  - $(PROJECT_PATH)
```

### Invalid wio.yml with no variable completition
```yml
type: pkg

project:
  name: pkg-shared
  $(PROJECT_PATH): hello
```

This is extended to wio's support for fulfillment as well where user can make conditional decisions. Throughout `wio.yml`
use can use tags to execute if a certain condition is met. This is was only allowed for certain tags before. For example:

```yml
type: pkg

project:
  name: pkg-shared
  version: $darwin(1.0.0), $windows(2.0.0)
```

This will choose version based on the operating system. **Note:** Seperate multiple tokens with `,`.

## More customization options for cmake_packages in Libraries
With `Wio 0.6.0`, support for `cmake_package` was added in libraries. This allowed the user to specify cmake packages
that can be used by using `find_package` command in `cmake`. With this version, more customization options have been added
so that almost all of those packages can be used with wio. These options are:
* `use_imported_targets`: CMake build process will use targets (modern cmake) instead of variables

* More customization options for cmake_packages
* Smarter builds
* Wio Publish changes