## Features

### [#116](https://github.com/wio/wio/commit/f2bf1fabc69fa7acd9fdc096c640c1cc89648259) Built in environment variable support for customization
Wio now allows users to `view`, `set` and `unset` environment variables that apply to it. These variables allow for customization where many tools and compile process can be configured by an environment variable. The variables come in two types, `normal` and `readonly`. `readonly` variables are created by wio to store essential runtime nformation. Any modification to these variables can result in unexpected behaviour.

```bash
# set environment variable (it will modify the variable if exists)
wio env set FOO BOO=2 HOO=noo

# view envrionment variables
wio env

# unset environment variables
wio env unset FOO BOO=2 
```

This feature is further expanded on by adding support for local environment variables. These variables are specific to a project and override the global variables. This allows the ability to have custom configuration per project.

```bash
# set local variable 
wio env set FOO=noway --local

# view local variable (will override global FOO and show FOO as noway)
wio env
```

Currently wio uses `readonly` variables internally but configuartions based on these variables will be added in future versions.

### [#119](https://github.com/wio/wio/commit/41dfe26718833afc8e54d5576c14d8440cf8b52a) Support for Clion IDE
Wio wants to support large set of IDEs and text editors for working on the project codebase. This is the first official support for an IDE. Now a user can create or update a project to make it compatible with CLion and get all the features the IDE provides but, still build, install, and run using Wio.

```bash
# create a project to be compatible with CLion
wio create app Foo --platform native --ide clion

# if project already exists, update to include the support
wio update --ide clion
```

Commands above will generate `CMakeLists.txt` and `args.cmake` files, and `.idea` folder. These files and folder are used by CLion. A user should not be modifying or deleting these files because they will cause the integration to break. `args.cmake` file allows for providing arguments to all the wio commands that are run by the IDE. A user can add more flags, etc for particular command in that file and IDE will use the arguments.

After creating or updating the project with CLion support, open the project in CLion. If everything is successful, in the toolbar, you will see multiple configurations that are available and default that will show is `WIO_BUILD | Debug`. In order to do a specific task, choose one of those configurations that start with `WIO` and click the build icon (on the left) and not the run icon.If there is any issue with CMake, right click on the `CMakeLists.txt` file and then click "Reload CMake project". If there is any other issue, try updating wio using `WIO_UPDATE | Debug` configuration or from CLI just do `wio update --ide clion`

Few things to keep in mind:
* This integration only supports running one target at a time. Since wio can have multiple targets, a user will need to define the target to use in the `wio.yml` using tag `default_target:`
  * Any time when this default target is changed, update the project using `WIO_UPDATE | Debug` configuration.
* Anytime a new file is created in a project, update the project using `WIO_UPDATE | Debug` configuration.

### Wio update available from within the app
Wio wants to provide frequent and timely updates and hence updates for wio can be applied from the application now. Starting from version 0.7.0, Wio can update itself to versions >= 0.7.0. This update is platform independent and no external build tool is needed.

```bash
# latest version
wio upgrade

# specific version
wio upgrade 0.7.0
```

### A central root folder for wio to store all the files
Wio will now have a root folder created in the home directory of the user. This folder will be the central location for all the configuratios, toolchains, and environment variables.


### Toolchain fetched when it is needed
Wio will not come with toolchain files for Cosa and Arduino anymore and only the executable is downloaded. Whenever `wio update` or `wio build` command is executed, wio checks for toolchain files for the `default_target` or the target that is being built. Once toolchain is downloaded, it is used everytime after. This allows for use of different versions of toolchains. Toolchains can be specified in following ways:

```bash
# versioned toolchain
targetName:
  framework: <ToolchainName>:<Version>

# latest toolchain
targetName:
  framework: <Toolchain>:<Version>

# dev toolchain with tag or branch
targetName:
  framework: <RemoteGirlUrl>:<tag or branch>

# dev toolchain default branch
targetName:
  framework: <RemoteGirlUrl>

# example
targetName:
  framework: github.com/wio/framework-avr-cosa
```

As you can see, `framework` tag is used to specify the toolchain. For dev toolchain, the url cannot contain `http` or `https`.

### [#120](https://github.com/wio/wio/commit/07705618b8ab8f75f6800ac28e7f8cea709b76f3) Login command stores the token globally
In previous versions of wio, when `wio login` command was executed, login token was stored in the project directory. This meant that for every package publishing, a token will need to be generated. This is changing and now the token will be stored globally and login is required once.

## Improvements

### Run command does not create new build files everytime
`wio run` command has been optimized to create build files only if the executable does not exist. The build templates have been optimized to abstract out hardware information so only hardware specific templates will be generated.

### Better upload port handling and nicer error messages
Since hardware information is abstracted out, `wio run` command can request a port from the user and modify the hardware template. This will not trigger the whole build but, will introduce the port in a predicatble manner.

Error messages have been improved as well to describe the issue in more detail.

## Bug Fixes

### Run command was not creating an upload target
A bug has been fixed where `wio run` command would fail and exit with a message that `upload` target is not defined. This had to do with port not being provided properly.

### `dependencies.cmake` file does not exist
A bug has been fixed where a project that has dependencies and they are not installed is built, it complains about installing dependencies. After the dependencies are installed, the build provides an error message that `dependencies.cmake` file is missing. This has been resolved.